Specify uncertainty on do-not-respond target for fuzzy checking (#1600)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/concept_models/vivarium_census_synthdata/concept_model.rst

omission rate from the census to be 1.45% based on the population in the
simulation. We will need this value for further calculations.

.. warning::

>   For computational reasons and to simplify, this calculation was done once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For computational reasons and to keep things simple, this calculation was done once
```
